Which building was set up with the help of Department of science and technology?
National Institute of Technology Calicut, formerly the Calicut Regional Engineering College, is a federally funded technical university and an institute of national importance governed by an act passed by the Parliament of India. The campus is situated near Chathamangalam, 22 kilometres north east of Kozhikode, on the Kozhikode–Mukkam Road. It was established in 1961 and was known as Calicut Regional Engineering College formerly. It is one of the National Institutes of Technology established by the Government of India for imparting high standard technical education to students from all over the country. The college is among the very few institutions in the country to host a supercomputer of its own, and amongst the pioneers in the country to have a dedicated nanotechnology department. The classes were initially held at the Government Polytechnic at West Hill, before it moved to its present campus in 1963. In 1990 Shankar Dayal Sharma inaugurated the Architecture Department Block and construction of a computer centre was completed. In 1996, the institute website (the first in Kerala) was launched. The Indian Institute of Management Calicut functioned from the NIT campus in its first few years of existence before moving to its new campus in Kunnamangalam in 2003. The Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India, accorded NIT status to REC Calicut in June 2002 granting it academic and administrative autonomy. NITC is a fully residential institution with 13 hostels on the campus to accommodate students. The Technology Business Incubator (TBI) at NIT Calicut was set up with the help of the Department of Science and Technology, Government of India and the National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board (NSTEDB). Its objective is to help the development of start-up ventures in electronics and IT.TBI provide workspace with shared office facilities with emphasis on business and professional services necessary for nurturing and supporting early stage growth of technology and technology based enterprises. NIT Calicut's supercomputer, Purna (Parallel Universal Remote Numerical Analyser), is accessible from anywhere in the campus and is provided for the use of all students and faculty members.
Technology business incubator
